README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cstroe/turtletax.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cstroe/turtletax)
![GNU Affero GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Affero%20GPL%20v3-blue.svg)

# TurtleTax

A personal tax helper for US Federal Income Tax.

This project is nowhere near ready to be used and development is ongoing.

## Creating a tax return

Currently, the way to interact with the program is to create a text file describing your tax return:

    W2 myjobW2
    enter myjobW2 wages        20,000.00
    enter myjobW2 taxWithheld   1,000.00
    
    Form1040 my1040
    enter my1040 yourFirstName John
    enter my1040 yourLastName  Smith
    enter my1040 income.taxableInterest  123.00

## Parsing your tax return

Using maven:

    ./mvnw clean compile
    ./bin/run-java <path to tax return file>

The program will parse your tax return and output it.

## Other Tax-related Projects
* [Open Tax Solver](https://sourceforge.net/projects/opentaxsolver)
* [phptax](https://sourceforge.net/projects/phptax)
* [py1040](https://github.com/b-k/py1040)
* [1040js](https://github.com/b-k/1040.js)

## Disclaimer

Section 15 of the license:

> THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
> APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
> HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT
> WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
> LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
> A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
> PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
> DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
> CORRECTION.

We leave it up to anyone using this software to check the applicability or validity of any output of this program.  There is no warranty of any kind, for any purpose.

Commit message:

Add JaCoCo and Coveralls plugins

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cstroe/turtletax.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cstroe/turtletax)
![GNU Affero GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Affero%20GPL%20v3-blue.svg)

# TurtleTax

A personal tax helper for US Federal Income Tax.

This project is nowhere near ready to be used and development is ongoing.

## Creating a tax return

Currently, the way to interact with the program is to create a text file describing your tax return:

    W2 myjobW2
    enter myjobW2 wages        20,000.00
    enter myjobW2 taxWithheld   1,000.00
    
    Form1040 my1040
    enter my1040 yourFirstName John
    enter my1040 yourLastName  Smith
    enter my1040 income.taxableInterest  123.00

## Parsing your tax return

Using maven:

    ./mvnw clean compile
    ./bin/run-java <path to tax return file>

The program will parse your tax return and output it.

## Code coverage

To create the code converage report, run:

    ./mvnw clean test jacoco:report

Then in your browser open `target/site/jacoco/index.html` to view the report.

## Other Tax-related Projects
* [Open Tax Solver](https://sourceforge.net/projects/opentaxsolver)
* [phptax](https://sourceforge.net/projects/phptax)
* [py1040](https://github.com/b-k/py1040)
* [1040js](https://github.com/b-k/1040.js)

## Disclaimer

Section 15 of the license:

> THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
> APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT
> HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT
> WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
> LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
> A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
> PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE
> DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
> CORRECTION.

We leave it up to anyone using this software to check the applicability or validity of any output of this program.  There is no warranty of any kind, for any purpose.
